OCPBUGS-38902: add roundrobin note (#90931)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-route-specific-annotations.adoc

|`haproxy.router.openshift.io/ip_allowlist`
| Sets an allowlist for the route. The allowlist is a space-separated list of IP addresses and CIDR ranges for the approved source addresses. Requests from IP addresses that are not in the allowlist are dropped.

> The maximum number of IP addresses and CIDR ranges directly visible in the `haproxy.config` file is 61. [^2^] |

Reviewer: This is a nit, but do we need the word "directly" here?

Author: i don't really know, i didn't edit this part of the file 😅 just changed the citation number. i'm inclined to leave it as is

Reviewer: That's fair.

|===
[.small]
--

> 1. By default, the router reloads every 5s which resets the balancing connection across pods from the beginning. This means that the `roundrobin` state is not preserved across reloads. This algorithm works best when pods have roughly identical computing capabilites and storage capacity. If your application or service has continuously changing endpoints, for example, due to using a CI/CD pipeline, this can result in uneven balancing. In this case, it is recommended to use a different algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. By default, the router reloads every 5 s, which resets the balancing connection across pods from the beginning. As a result, the `roundrobin` state is not preserved across reloads. This algorithm works best when pods have nearly identical computing capabilites and storage capacity. If your application or service has continuously changing endpoints, for example, due to the use of a CI/CD pipeline, uneven balancing can result. In this case, use a different algorithm.
```
- I reworded a couple of sentences to avoid potentially ambiguous instances of "using" and "This". See [IBM Style word usage](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#using) and [Ambiguous pronoun references](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-pronouns#ambiguous-pronoun-references).
- If you used the phrase "roughly identical" on purpose, feel free to ignore my suggestion of "nearly identical". I suggested it because it seems to me that different people might interpret "roughly identical" in different ways.

> 2. If the number of IP addresses and CIDR ranges in an allowlist exceeds 61, they are written into a separate file that is then referenced from `haproxy.config`. This file is stored in the `/var/lib/haproxy/router/allowlists` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If the number of IP addresses and CIDR ranges in an allowlist exceeds 61, they are written into a separate file that is then referenced from the `haproxy.config` file. This file is stored in the `/var/lib/haproxy/router/allowlists` folder.
```

> +

Reviewer 2: Better change `var/lib/haproxy/router/allowlists` to `/var/lib/haproxy/router/allowlists`  (missing the "/" character), others look good to me, thanks.
